What is pandas ?

In computer programming, pandas is a software library written for the Python programming language for data manipulation and analysis. In particular,it offers data
structures and operations for manipulating numerical tables and time series. It is free software released under the three-clause BSD license.The name is derived 
from the term "panel data", an econometrics term for data sets that include observations over multiple time periods for the same individuals.Itsname is a play on
the phrase "Python data analysis" itselfpandas is a popular Python-based data analysis toolkit which can be imported using import pandas as pd.It presents a diverse
range of utilities,ranging from parsing multiple file formats to converting an entire data table into a NumPy matrix array. This makes pandas a trusted ally in data 
science and machine learning.

pandas is a popular Python-based data analysis toolkit which can be imported using import pandas as pd. It presents a diverse range of utilities, ranging from parsing multiple file formats to converting an entire data table into a NumPy matrix array. This makes pandas a trusted ally in data science and machine learning.
Similar to NumPy, pandas deals primarily with data in 1-D and 2-D arrays; however, pandas handles the two differently.

Library features:
    DataFrame object for data manipulation with integrated indexing.
    Tools for reading and writing data between in-memory data structures and different file formats.
    Data alignment and integrated handling of missing data.
    Reshaping and pivoting of data sets.
    Label-based slicing, fancy indexing, and subsetting of large data sets.
    Data structure column insertion and deletion.
    Group by engine allowing split-apply-combine operations on data sets.
    Data set merging and joining.
    Hierarchical axis indexing to work with high-dimensional data in a lower-dimensional data structure.
    Time series-functionality: Date range generation[5] and frequency conversion, moving window statistics, moving window linear regressions, date shifting and lagging.
    Provides data filtration.
